chore(docs): small improvement to the cross platform doc (#4057)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/cross-platform-frameworks.md

**Programming language:** JavaScript.

> **Mobile app examples:** Microsoft Office (parts of), Facebook (parts of), Skype, Xbox Game Pass, Playstation, Discord, NFL, Bloomberg, Shopify, Oculus, Messanger Desktop. Check out more [in the showcase](https://reactnative.dev/showcase).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mobile app examples:** React Native is used in Microsoft’s Office, Skype, and Xbox Game Pass; Meta’s Facebook, desktop Messenger, and Oculus. Check out more in the [React Native showcase](https://reactnative.dev/showcase).
```
